Pages/use direct upload with continuous integration (#3)
Ekwuno/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/how-to/use-direct-upload-with-continuous-integration.md

---
pcx-content-type: how-to
title: Use Direct Upload with continuous integration
---
 
# Use Direct Upload with continuous integration
 
Cloudflare Pages now supports directly uploading prebuilt assets, allowing you to use custom build steps for your applications and deploy to Pages with [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/).
 

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Use Direct Upload with continuous integration

Cloudflare Pages now supports directly uploading prebuilt assets, allowing you to use custom build steps for your applications and deploy to Pages with [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/).

```

> ## Deploying with Wrangler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy with Wrangler
```

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> In your project directory, install [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/) so you can deploy a folder of prebuilt assets by running this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your project directory, install [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/) so you can deploy a folder of prebuilt assets by running the following command:
```

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```sh
# Publish created project
CF_ACCOUNT_ID=<account id> npx wrangler pages publish <directory> --project-name=<project name>
```

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ## Generate API Token from Cloudflare

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generate an API token from Cloudflare
```

> First log  into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens) >  **My Profile** > **API Tokens** > **Create Token** and under "Create Custom Token", select **Get started**. Start by naming the API Token, specify what product you are creating the API token for and give it the edit permission. In this case, select the "Account", "Cloudflare Pages" and "Edit":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate an API token:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens).
2. Select **My Profile** from the dropdown menu of your user icon on the top right of your dashboard.
3. Select **API Tokens** > **Create Token**.
4. Under **Custom Token**, select **Get started**. 
5. Name your API Token in the **Token name** field.
6. Under **Permissions**, select *Account*, *Cloudflare Pages* and *Edit*:
7. Select **Continue to summary** > **Create Token**.
```

> ![Select API token for Cloudflare Pages](../media/select-api-token-for-pages.png)

Reviewer: There is too much whitespace in this screenshot. This needs to be cropped to delete extra whitespace.

Author: The whitespace is just added by GitHub. It is not in the preview URL  or when you download the image. 
![Screenshot 2022-05-09 at 13 12 30](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35943047/167407962-c7df49f9-8361-491e-a1da-7308154ef2f6.png)

> ![Select API token for Cloudflare Pages](../media/select-api-token-for-pages.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Follow the instructions above to create an API token for Cloudflare Pages](../media/select-api-token-for-pages.png)
```

> Click on **Continue to summary** and then **Create Token**. Now that you have created this token, you can use it to push your project from continuous integration platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have created your API token, you can use it to push your project from continuous integration platforms.
```

 
## Using GitHub Actions
 
[GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) is a continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) platform that allows you to automate your build, test, and deployment pipeline when using GitHub. You can create workflows that build and test every pull request to your repository or deploy merged pull requests to production.
 

> After setting up your project initially, you can set up a GitHub Action to automate your subsequent deployments with Wrangler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting up your project, you can set up a GitHub Action to automate your subsequent deployments with Wrangler.
```

 
### Add Cloudflare credentials to GitHub secrets
 

> In the GitHub action you have set up, environment variables are needed to push your project up to Cloudflare Pages. Add the values of these environment variables in your project's GitHub repository by going to your projects repository > **Settings** > **Secrets** > **Actions** > **New repository secret**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the GitHub Action you have set up, environment variables are needed to push your project up to Cloudflare Pages. To add the values of these environment variables in your project's GitHub repository:

 1. Go to your project's repository in GitHub.
 2. Under your repository's name, select **Settings**.
 3. Select **Secrets** > **Actions** > **New repository secret**.
 4. Create one secret and put **CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID** as the name with the value being your Cloudflare account ID.
 5. Create another secret and put **CF_API_TOKEN** as the name with the value being your Cloudflare API token.
 
This will ensure that the secrets are secure. Each time your GitHub Actions runs, it will access these secrets.
```

> Add the value of your CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID and CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN; As `CF_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CF_API_TOKEN`, this will ensure that these secrets are secure, and each time your Action runs, it will access these secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Add the value of your CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID and CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN; As `CF_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CF_API_TOKEN`, this will ensure that these secrets are secure, and each time your Action runs, it will access these secrets.

Reviewer 2: We should use `CLOUDFLARE_` instead of `CF_` (CF works, but is deprecated)
```suggestion
Add the value of your Cloudflare account ID and  Cloudflare API token; As `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`, this will ensure that these secrets are secure, and each time your Action runs, it will access these secrets.
```

> ### Setup workflow

Reviewer: Is this trying to say "Set up a workflow" as a verb/action or "Setup workflow" as nouns?

Author: I think "Set up a workflow" as a verb/action makes more sense here.

> Create a `.github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml` file at the root of your project. This file will contain the commands you want the process to take on the request you specified. For a detailed explanation of GitHub Actions syntax, refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).

Reviewer: "This file will contain the commands you want the process to take on the request you specified." This is unclear? What is happening here?

Author: The `.github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml` file will contain the jobs you specify on the request i.e :  on: [push] in this case. It can also be on pull request.. 

I will rephrase.

 
In your `pages-deployment.yaml` file, copy the following content:
 
```yaml
---
filename: .github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml
---
on: [push]
jobs:
 deploy:
   runs-on: ubuntu-latest
   name: Deploy to Pages
   steps:
     - uses: actions/checkout@v3
     - name: Publish
       uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
       with:

>          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}

Author: @eidam I'll update this to be `secrets.CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` as well

>          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}

Author: ```suggestion
         apiToken: ${{ secrets.CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN }}
```

>          accountId: ${{ secrets.CF_ACCOUNT_ID }}

Author: ```suggestion
         accountId: ${{ secrets.CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID }}
```

 
Finally, the Action makes sure you log in to your Account with your Cloudflare credentials stored as secrets in your project to publish your site with the `pages publish` command.
 

## Using CircleCI for CI/CD
 
[CircleCI](https://circleci.com/) is another continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) platform that allows you to automate your build, test, and deployment pipeline. It can be configured to efficiently run complex pipelines with caching, docker layer caching, resource classes, etc.
 
Similar to GitHub Actions, CircleCI can use Wrangler to continuously deploy your projects each time to push to your code.
 
### Add Cloudflare credentials to CircleCI
 
After you have generated your Cloudflare API token and found your account ID in the dashboard, you will need to add them to your CircleCI dashboard to use your environment variables in your project.
 
On the CircleCI web app, go to your project's settings. You can navigate to "Projects" on the side navigation and click the ellipsis button in the project's row. You will see the option to add Environment variables:
 

> ![project setting env var](../media/project-settings-env-var-v2.png)

Reviewer: Same comment about whitespace. Needs to be cropped to delete whitespace.

 
Then click on **Environment Variables** in the side navigation > **Add variable** and enter the name and value of the new environment variable, which is your Cloudflare credentials (`CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`).  
 
### Setup
 
Create a `.circleci/config.yml` file at the root of your project. This file contains the jobs that will be executed based on the order of your workflow. In your `config.yml` file, copy the following content:
 
```yaml
---
filename: .circleci/config.yml
---
version: 2.1
jobs:
 Publish-to-Pages:
   docker:

>      - image: cimg/node:17.2.0

Reviewer 2: node 17 will be EOL on 2022-06-01, I would use 18

>      - image: cimg/node:17.2.0

Author: ```suggestion
     - image: cimg/node:18
```

   steps:
     - checkout
     # Run your project's build step
     - run: npm install && npm run build
     # Publish with wrangler

>      - run: npx wrangler pages publish dist --project-name=<PROJECT NAME> # Replace dist with the name of your build folder and input your project name 

Reviewer 2: do we want to specify wrangler version here?

Author: No, I don't think we want to.

 
 
 
## Using Travis CI for CI/CD
 
Travis CI is an open-source continuous integration tool that handles specific tasks, such as Pull requests and code pushes for your project workflow. Travis CI can be integrated into your GitHub projects, databases, and other pre-installed services enabled in your build configuration. To use Travis CI, you should have A GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab or Assembla account.

### Add Cloudflare credentials to TravisCI
 In your Travis project, you will need to add the Cloudflare credentials you have generated from the Cloudflare dashboard to access them in your `travis.yml` file. Head over to your Travis CI dashboard and select your current project > More options > settings > Environment variables.

Set the environment variable's name and value and the branch you want it to be attached to; You can also set the privacy of the value.

### Setup
Go to Travis-ci.com and enable your repository by login in with your preferred provider. This guide uses GitHub. Next, create a `.travis.yml` file and copy the following into the file:

```yaml
---
filename: .travis.yml
---
language: node_js
node_js:

> - "16.17.0" # You can specify more versions of Node you want your CI process to support

Reviewer 2: lets use same version of node across all the examples

Author: @eidam 18.0.0 ok?

> - "16.17.0" # You can specify more versions of Node you want your CI process to support

Author: ```suggestion
- "18.0.0" # You can specify more versions of Node you want your CI process to support
```

branches:
 only:
   - travis-ci-test # Specify what branch you want your CI process to run on
install:
 - npm install
 
script:
 - npm run build # Switch this out with your build command or remove it if you don't have a build step
 - npx wrangler pages publish dist --project-name=<PROJECT NAME>
 
env:
- CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID: {$CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID}
- CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN: {$CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN}
 

```

In the code block above you have specified the language as `node_js` and listed the value as `16.7.0` because wrangler2 depends on this Node version or higher. You have also set branches you want your continuous integration to run on. Finally, input your `PROJECT NAME` in the script section, and your CI process should work as expected. 

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 
![Select API token for Cloudflare Pages](../media/select-api-token-for-pages.png)
 
Click on **Continue to summary** and then **Create Token**. Now that you have created this token, you can use it to push your project from continuous integration platforms.

### Get project account ID 

In your Cloudflare dashboard, Click the project you want to get the account ID for; You will see your account ID under API in the bottom right. If you do not have a project, create one by clicking "Add a site." You can purchase a domain from [Cloudflare's registrar](/registrar/)
 
## Using GitHub Actions
 
[GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) is a continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) platform that allows you to automate your build, test, and deployment pipeline when using GitHub. You can create workflows that build and test every pull request to your repository or deploy merged pull requests to production.
 
After setting up your project initially, you can set up a GitHub Action to automate your subsequent deployments with Wrangler.
 
### Add Cloudflare credentials to GitHub secrets

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Add Cloudflare credentials to GitHub secrets

```

In the GitHub action you have set up, environment variables are needed to push your project up to Cloudflare Pages. Add the values of these environment variables in your project's GitHub repository by going to your projects repository > **Settings** > **Secrets** > **Actions** > **New repository secret**.
 
Add the value of your Cloudflare account ID and  Cloudflare API token; As `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`, this will ensure that these secrets are secure, and each time your Action runs, it will access these secrets.

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Add the value of your Cloudflare account ID and Cloudflare API token as `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`, respectively. This will ensure that these secrets are secure, and each time your Action runs, it will access these secrets.

```

### Setup workflow

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Create a `.github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml` file at the root of your project. This file will contain the commands you want the process to take on the request you specified. For a detailed explanation of GitHub Actions syntax, refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

In your `pages-deployment.yaml` file, copy the following content:
 
```yaml
---
filename: .github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml
---
on: [push]
jobs:
 deploy:
   runs-on: ubuntu-latest
   name: Deploy to Pages
   steps:
     - uses: actions/checkout@v3
     - name: Publish
       uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
       with:
         apiToken: ${{ secrets.CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN }}
         accountId: ${{ secrets.CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID }}
         command: pages publish --project-name=<project name>
```

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> In the above code block, you have set up an Action that runs when you push code to the repository; running on `ubuntu-latest`, it first checks out your repository with the latest version of Node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above code block, you have set up an Action that runs when you push code to the repository. Running on `ubuntu-latest`, the Action first reviews your repository with the latest version of Node.
```

 
{{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}
 
If your project uses a Node version less than 16, you will have to upgrade your Node version as Wrangler requires at least Node.js v16.7.0.
 
{{</Aside>}}

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}

If your project uses a Node version less than 16, you will have to upgrade your Node version as Wrangler requires at least Node.js v16.7.0.

{{</Aside>}}

```

> The next step is to install [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/) in your project, using the `cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0` Action, which requires you to set up your environment variables.

Reviewer: Where are the instructions on how to set up environment variables?

Author: Environment variables here refer to the GitHub secrets. I will rephrase.

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Finally, the Action makes sure you log in to your Account with your Cloudflare credentials stored as secrets in your project to publish your site with the `pages publish` command.
 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Using CircleCI for CI/CD
 

> [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/) is another continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) platform that allows you to automate your build, test, and deployment pipeline. It can be configured to efficiently run complex pipelines with caching, docker layer caching, resource classes, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CircleCI](https://circleci.com/) is another continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) platform that allows you to automate your build, test, and deployment pipeline. It can be configured to efficiently run complex pipelines with caching, docker layer caching, and resource classes.
```

 
Similar to GitHub Actions, CircleCI can use Wrangler to continuously deploy your projects each time to push to your code.
 
### Add Cloudflare credentials to CircleCI
 
After you have generated your Cloudflare API token and found your account ID in the dashboard, you will need to add them to your CircleCI dashboard to use your environment variables in your project.
 

> On the CircleCI web app, go to your project's settings. You can navigate to "Projects" on the side navigation and click the ellipsis button in the project's row. You will see the option to add Environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the CircleCI web application, go to your project's settings. Go to **Projects** on the side navigation and select the ellipsis (...) button in the project's row. You will see the option to add environment variables:
```

> ![project setting env var](../media/project-settings-env-var-v2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Follow the instructions above to add environment variables to your CircleCI settings](../media/project-settings-env-var-v2.png)
```

> Then click on **Environment Variables** in the side navigation > **Add variable** and enter the name and value of the new environment variable, which is your Cloudflare credentials (`CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select **Environment Variables** > **Add Environment Variable** and enter the name and value of the new environment variable, which is your Cloudflare credentials (`CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`).  
```
All clickable items in bold need to be exactly as the UI writes them.

 
### Setup
 
Create a `.circleci/config.yml` file at the root of your project. This file contains the jobs that will be executed based on the order of your workflow. In your `config.yml` file, copy the following content:
 
```yaml
---
filename: .circleci/config.yml
---
version: 2.1
jobs:
 Publish-to-Pages:
   docker:
     - image: cimg/node:18
     environment:
        CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID: $CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID
        CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN: $CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN
   
   steps:
     - checkout
     # Run your project's build step
     - run: npm install && npm run build
     # Publish with wrangler
     - run: npx wrangler pages publish dist --project-name=<PROJECT NAME> # Replace dist with the name of your build folder and input your project name 
       
workflows:
 Publish-to-Pages-workflow:
   jobs:
     - Publish-to-Pages
```
 

> Your continuous integration workflow is broken down into Jobs when using CircleCI. From the code block above, you can see that you first define a list of jobs that run on each commit. For example, your repository will run on a prebuilt docker image `cimg/node:18`. It first checks out the repository with the Node version specified in the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your continuous integration workflow is broken down into jobs when using CircleCI. From the code block above, you can see that you first define a list of jobs that run on each commit. For example, your repository will run on a prebuilt docker image `cimg/node:18`. It first checks out the repository with the Node version specified in the image.
```

 
{{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}
 
If your project uses a Node version less than 16, you will have to upgrade your Node version as Wrangler requires at least Node.js v16.7.0.
 
{{</Aside>}}
 
The job then proceeds to run all the steps specified, after which you will need to define a `workflow` at the end of your file. You can learn more about creating a custom process with CircleCI from the [official documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/concepts/).
 
 

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Removed 2 lines and extra spacing.

> ## Using Travis CI for CI/CD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Travis CI for CI/CD
```

> Travis CI is an open-source continuous integration tool that handles specific tasks, such as Pull requests and code pushes for your project workflow. Travis CI can be integrated into your GitHub projects, databases, and other pre-installed services enabled in your build configuration. To use Travis CI, you should have A GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab or Assembla account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Travis CI is an open-source continuous integration tool that handles specific tasks, such as pull requests and code pushes for your project workflow. Travis CI can be integrated into your GitHub projects, databases, and other pre-installed services enabled in your build configuration. To use Travis CI, you should have A GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab or Assembla account.
```

### Add Cloudflare credentials to TravisCI

>  In your Travis project, you will need to add the Cloudflare credentials you have generated from the Cloudflare dashboard to access them in your `travis.yml` file. Head over to your Travis CI dashboard and select your current project > More options > settings > Environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add Cloudflare credentials to TravisCI

 In your Travis project, you will need to add the Cloudflare credentials you have generated from the Cloudflare dashboard to access them in your `travis.yml` file. Go to your Travis CI dashboard and select your current project > **More options** > **Settings** > **Environment Variables**.
```

> Set the environment variable's name and value and the branch you want it to be attached to; You can also set the privacy of the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the environment variable's name and value and the branch you want it to be attached to. You can also set the privacy of the value.
```

> ### Setup
> Go to Travis-ci.com and enable your repository by login in with your preferred provider. This guide uses GitHub. Next, create a `.travis.yml` file and copy the following into the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup

Go to Travis-ci.com and enable your repository by login in with your preferred provider. This guide uses GitHub. Next, create a `.travis.yml` file and copy the following into the file:
```

Is this supposed to say "by logging in"?

```yaml
---
filename: .travis.yml
---
language: node_js
node_js:
- "18.0.0" # You can specify more versions of Node you want your CI process to support
branches:
 only:
   - travis-ci-test # Specify what branch you want your CI process to run on
install:
 - npm install
 
script:
 - npm run build # Switch this out with your build command or remove it if you don't have a build step
 - npx wrangler pages publish dist --project-name=<PROJECT NAME>
 
env:
- CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID: {$CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID}
- CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN: {$CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN}
 

```

> In the code block above you have specified the language as `node_js` and listed the value as `16.7.0` because wrangler2 depends on this Node version or higher. You have also set branches you want your continuous integration to run on. Finally, input your `PROJECT NAME` in the script section, and your CI process should work as expected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code block above you have specified the language as `node_js` and listed the value as `16.7.0` because Wrangler 2 depends on this Node version or higher. You have also set branches you want your continuous integration to run on. Finally, input your `PROJECT NAME` in the script section, and your CI process should work as expected. 
```

---
pcx-content-type: how-to
title: Use Direct Upload with continuous integration
---

# Use Direct Upload with continuous integration

> Cloudflare Pages now supports directly uploading prebuilt assets, allowing you to use custom build steps for your applications and deploy to Pages with [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Pages now supports directly uploading prebuilt assets, allowing you to use custom build steps for your applications and deploy to Pages with [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/). This guide will teach you how to deploy your application to Pages, using continuous integration.
```
What is the purpose of this page?

Author: how does this read?

> ## Deploy with Wrangler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy with Wrangler

```

> In your project directory, install [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/) so you can deploy a folder of prebuilt assets by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your project directory, install [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/) so you can deploy a folder of prebuilt assets by running the following command:

```

```sh
# Publish created project

> CF_ACCOUNT_ID=<account id> npx wrangler pages publish <directory> --project-name=<project name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CF_ACCOUNT_ID=<ACCOUNT_ID> npx wrangler pages publish <DIRECTORY> --project-name=<PROJECT_NAME>
```

```
## Get credentials from Cloudflare

> ### Generate API Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generate an API Token
```

To generate an API token:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens).
2. Select **My Profile** from the dropdown menu of your user icon on the top right of your dashboard.
3. Select **API Tokens** > **Create Token**.
4. Under **Custom Token**, select **Get started**. 
5. Name your API Token in the **Token name** field.
6. Under **Permissions**, select *Account*, *Cloudflare Pages* and *Edit*:
7. Select **Continue to summary** > **Create Token**.
 
![Follow the instructions above to create an API token for Cloudflare Pages](../media/select-api-token-for-pages.png)
 
Now that you have created your API token, you can use it to push your project from continuous integration platforms.

### Get project account ID 

> In your Cloudflare dashboard, Click the project you want to get the account ID for; You will see your account ID under API in the bottom right. If you do not have a project, create one by clicking "Add a site." You can purchase a domain from [Cloudflare's registrar](/registrar/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find your account ID, log in to the Cloudflare dashboard > select your zone in **Account Home** > find your account ID in **Overview** under **API* on the right-side menu. If you have not added a zone, add one by selecting **Add site**. You can purchase a domain from [Cloudflare's registrar](/registrar/)
```

> ## Using GitHub Actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use GitHub Actions
```

 
After setting up your project, you can set up a GitHub Action to automate your subsequent deployments with Wrangler.

### Add Cloudflare credentials to GitHub secrets

In the GitHub Action you have set up, environment variables are needed to push your project up to Cloudflare Pages. To add the values of these environment variables in your project's GitHub repository:

 1. Go to your project's repository in GitHub.
 2. Under your repository's name, select **Settings**.
 3. Select **Secrets** > **Actions** > **New repository secret**.
 4. Create one secret and put **CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID** as the name with the value being your Cloudflare account ID.
 5. Create another secret and put **CF_API_TOKEN** as the name with the value being your Cloudflare API token.
 
This will ensure that the secrets are secure. Each time your GitHub Actions runs, it will access these secrets.

Add the value of your Cloudflare account ID and Cloudflare API token as `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`, respectively. This will ensure that these secrets are secure, and each time your Action runs, it will access these secrets.

> ### Setup workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up a workflow
```

> Create a `.github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml` file at the root of your project. The `.github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml` file will contain the jobs you specify on the request i.e : `on: [push]` in this case. It can also be on a pull request. For a detailed explanation of GitHub Actions syntax, refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Create a `.github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml` file at the root of your project. The `.github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml` file will contain the jobs you specify on the request, that is: `on: [push]` in this case. It can also be on a pull request. For a detailed explanation of GitHub Actions syntax, refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).
```

filename: .github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml
---
on: [push]
jobs:
 deploy:
   runs-on: ubuntu-latest
   name: Deploy to Pages
   steps:
     - uses: actions/checkout@v3
     - name: Publish
       uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
       with:
         apiToken: ${{ secrets.CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN }}
         accountId: ${{ secrets.CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID }}
         command: pages publish --project-name=<project name>
```
In the above code block, you have set up an Action that runs when you push code to the repository. Running on `ubuntu-latest`, the Action first reviews your repository with the latest version of Node.

{{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}

If your project uses a Node version less than 16, you will have to upgrade your Node version as Wrangler requires at least Node.js v16.7.0.

{{</Aside>}}

The next step is to install [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/) in your project, using the `cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0` Action, which requires you to use the secrets you added to GitHub.
Finally, the Action makes sure you log in to your Account with your Cloudflare credentials stored as secrets in your project to publish your site with the `pages publish` command.

> ## Using CircleCI for CI/CD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to install [Wrangler](/workers/cli-wrangler/) in your project, using the `cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0` Action, which requires you to use the secrets you added to GitHub. The Action makes sure you log in to your account with your Cloudflare credentials, stored as secrets in your project, to publish your site with the `pages publish` command.

## Using CircleCI for CI/CD
```

 
[CircleCI](https://circleci.com/) is another continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) platform that allows you to automate your build, test, and deployment pipeline. It can be configured to efficiently run complex pipelines with caching, docker layer caching, and resource classes.
 
Similar to GitHub Actions, CircleCI can use Wrangler to continuously deploy your projects each time to push to your code.
 
### Add Cloudflare credentials to CircleCI
 
After you have generated your Cloudflare API token and found your account ID in the dashboard, you will need to add them to your CircleCI dashboard to use your environment variables in your project.
 

> On the CircleCI web application, go to your project's settings. Go to **Projects** on the side navigation and select the ellipsis (...) button in the project's row. You will see the option to add environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add environment variables, in the CircleCI web application:

1. Go to your project's settings.
2. Select **Projects** in the side menu.
3. Select the ellipsis (...) button in the project's row. You will see the option to add environment variables.
4.  Select **Environment Variables** > **Add Environment Variable**.
5. Enter the name and value of the new environment variable, which is your Cloudflare credentials (`CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`).
```

Need to describe what the developer is going to accomplish in the beginning sentence.

 
![Follow the instructions above to add environment variables to your CircleCI settings](../media/project-settings-env-var-v2.png)
 

> Select **Environment Variables** > **Add Environment Variable** and enter the name and value of the new environment variable, which is your Cloudflare credentials (`CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`).  
>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Setup

Reviewer: What is being set up here?

Author: To keep it consistent, let's call it "Set up a workflow"

   
   steps:
     - checkout
     # Run your project's build step
     - run: npm install && npm run build
     # Publish with wrangler
     - run: npx wrangler pages publish dist --project-name=<PROJECT NAME> # Replace dist with the name of your build folder and input your project name 
       
workflows:
 Publish-to-Pages-workflow:
   jobs:
     - Publish-to-Pages
```
 
Your continuous integration workflow is broken down into jobs when using CircleCI. From the code block above, you can see that you first define a list of jobs that run on each commit. For example, your repository will run on a prebuilt docker image `cimg/node:18`. It first checks out the repository with the Node version specified in the image.
 
{{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}
 
If your project uses a Node version less than 16, you will have to upgrade your Node version as Wrangler requires at least Node.js v16.7.0.
 
{{</Aside>}}
 
The job then proceeds to run all the steps specified, after which you will need to define a `workflow` at the end of your file. You can learn more about creating a custom process with CircleCI from the [official documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/concepts/).

> ## Travis CI for CI/CD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job then proceeds to run all the steps specified, after which you will need to define a `workflow` at the end of your file. You can learn more about creating a custom process with CircleCI from the [official documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/concepts/).

## Travis CI for CI/CD
```

 
Travis CI is an open-source continuous integration tool that handles specific tasks, such as pull requests and code pushes for your project workflow. Travis CI can be integrated into your GitHub projects, databases, and other pre-installed services enabled in your build configuration. To use Travis CI, you should have A GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab or Assembla account.

### Add Cloudflare credentials to TravisCI

>  In your Travis project, you will need to add the Cloudflare credentials you have generated from the Cloudflare dashboard to access them in your `travis.yml` file. Go to your Travis CI dashboard and select your current project > **More options** > **Settings** > **Environment Variables**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Travis project, add the Cloudflare credentials you have generated from the Cloudflare dashboard to access them in your `travis.yml` file. Go to your Travis CI dashboard and select your current project > **More options** > **Settings** > **Environment Variables**.
```

Set the environment variable's name and value and the branch you want it to be attached to. You can also set the privacy of the value.

### Setup

Go to Travis-ci.com and enable your repository by login in with your preferred provider. This guide uses GitHub. Next, create a `.travis.yml` file and copy the following into the file:

```yaml
---
filename: .travis.yml
---
language: node_js
node_js:
- "18.0.0" # You can specify more versions of Node you want your CI process to support
branches:
 only:
   - travis-ci-test # Specify what branch you want your CI process to run on
install:
 - npm install
 
script:
 - npm run build # Switch this out with your build command or remove it if you don't have a build step
 - npx wrangler pages publish dist --project-name=<PROJECT NAME>
 
env:
- CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID: {$CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID}
- CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN: {$CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN}
 

```

> In the code block above you have specified the language as `node_js` and listed the value as `16.7.0` because Wrangler 2 depends on this Node version or higher. You have also set branches you want your continuous integration to run on. Finally, input your `PROJECT NAME` in the script section, and your CI process should work as expected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code block above you have specified the language as `node_js` and listed the value as `16.7.0` because Wrangler 2 depends on this Node version or higher. You have also set branches you want your continuous integration to run on. Finally, input your `PROJECT NAME` in the script section and your CI process should work as expected. 
```

## Using CircleCI for CI/CD
 
[CircleCI](https://circleci.com/) is another continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) platform that allows you to automate your build, test, and deployment pipeline. It can be configured to efficiently run complex pipelines with caching, docker layer caching, and resource classes.
 
Similar to GitHub Actions, CircleCI can use Wrangler to continuously deploy your projects each time to push to your code.
 
### Add Cloudflare credentials to CircleCI
 
After you have generated your Cloudflare API token and found your account ID in the dashboard, you will need to add them to your CircleCI dashboard to use your environment variables in your project.
 
On the CircleCI web application, go to your project's settings. Go to **Projects** on the side navigation and select the ellipsis (...) button in the project's row. You will see the option to add environment variables:
 
![Follow the instructions above to add environment variables to your CircleCI settings](../media/project-settings-env-var-v2.png)
 

> ### Setup

Author: ```suggestion
### Setup a workflow
```

Add the value of your Cloudflare account ID and Cloudflare API token as `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`, respectively. This will ensure that these secrets are secure, and each time your Action runs, it will access these secrets.

### Set up a workflow

Create a `.github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml` file at the root of your project. The `.github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml` file will contain the jobs you specify on the request, that is: `on: [push]` in this case. It can also be on a pull request. For a detailed explanation of GitHub Actions syntax, refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).

In your `pages-deployment.yaml` file, copy the following content:
 
```yaml
---
filename: .github/workflows/pages-deployment.yaml
---
on: [push]
jobs:
 deploy:
   runs-on: ubuntu-latest
   name: Deploy to Pages
   steps:
     - uses: actions/checkout@v3
     - name: Publish
       uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
       with:
         apiToken: ${{ secrets.CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN }}
         accountId: ${{ secrets.CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID }}
         command: pages publish --project-name=<project name>
```

> In the above code block, you have set up an Action that runs when you push code to the repository. Running on `ubuntu-latest`, the Action first reviews your repository with the latest version of Node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the above code block, you have set up an Action that runs when you push code to the repository. Running on `ubuntu-latest`, the Action first reviews your repository with the latest version of Node.
```

## Using CircleCI for CI/CD
 
[CircleCI](https://circleci.com/) is another continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) platform that allows you to automate your build, test, and deployment pipeline. It can be configured to efficiently run complex pipelines with caching, docker layer caching, and resource classes.
 
Similar to GitHub Actions, CircleCI can use Wrangler to continuously deploy your projects each time to push to your code.
 
### Add Cloudflare credentials to CircleCI
 
After you have generated your Cloudflare API token and found your account ID in the dashboard, you will need to add them to your CircleCI dashboard to use your environment variables in your project.
 
To add environment variables, in the CircleCI web application:

1. Go to your project's settings.
2. Select **Projects** in the side menu.
3. Select the ellipsis (...) button in the project's row. You will see the option to add environment variables.

> 4.  Select **Environment Variables** > **Add Environment Variable**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select **Environment Variables** > **Add Environment Variable**.
```

5. Enter the name and value of the new environment variable, which is your Cloudflare credentials (`CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`).
 
![Follow the instructions above to add environment variables to your CircleCI settings](../media/project-settings-env-var-v2.png)
 

> ### Setup a workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up a workflow
```
`Set up` is verb, `setup` is noun. Hence, `set up a workflow`.

Author: ah thanks!

     # Run your project's build step
     - run: npm install && npm run build
     # Publish with wrangler
     - run: npx wrangler pages publish dist --project-name=<PROJECT NAME> # Replace dist with the name of your build folder and input your project name 
       
workflows:
 Publish-to-Pages-workflow:
   jobs:
     - Publish-to-Pages
```
 
Your continuous integration workflow is broken down into jobs when using CircleCI. From the code block above, you can see that you first define a list of jobs that run on each commit. For example, your repository will run on a prebuilt docker image `cimg/node:18`. It first checks out the repository with the Node version specified in the image.
 
{{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}
 
If your project uses a Node version less than 16, you will have to upgrade your Node version as Wrangler requires at least Node.js v16.7.0.
 
{{</Aside>}}
 
The job then proceeds to run all the steps specified, after which you will need to define a `workflow` at the end of your file. You can learn more about creating a custom process with CircleCI from the [official documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/concepts/).

## Travis CI for CI/CD
 

> Travis CI is an open-source continuous integration tool that handles specific tasks, such as pull requests and code pushes for your project workflow. Travis CI can be integrated into your GitHub projects, databases, and other pre-installed services enabled in your build configuration. To use Travis CI, you should have A GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab or Assembla account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Travis CI is an open-source continuous integration tool that handles specific tasks, such as pull requests and code pushes for your project workflow. Travis CI can be integrated into your GitHub projects, databases, and other preinstalled services enabled in your build configuration. To use Travis CI, you should have A GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab or Assembla account.
```

In your Travis project, add the Cloudflare credentials you have generated from the Cloudflare dashboard to access them in your `travis.yml` file. Go to your Travis CI dashboard and select your current project > **More options** > **Settings** > **Environment Variables**.

Set the environment variable's name and value and the branch you want it to be attached to. You can also set the privacy of the value.

### Setup

Go to Travis-ci.com and enable your repository by login in with your preferred provider. This guide uses GitHub. Next, create a `.travis.yml` file and copy the following into the file:

```yaml
---
filename: .travis.yml
---
language: node_js
node_js:
- "18.0.0" # You can specify more versions of Node you want your CI process to support
branches:
 only:
   - travis-ci-test # Specify what branch you want your CI process to run on
install:
 - npm install
 
script:
 - npm run build # Switch this out with your build command or remove it if you don't have a build step
 - npx wrangler pages publish dist --project-name=<PROJECT NAME>
 
env:
- CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID: {$CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID}
- CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN: {$CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN}

>  
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
